Something must've gone wrong in my brain
can't stop thinking about that Primo Sale
"First Salt" cheese it keeps me sane
Lovely young cheese it's so divine
sheep's milk cheese makes the perfect date
bright white cheese you infatuate me
It's from Sicily, Italyonly
suddenly I can't breathe and it's all I need
all I needyeah yeah all I need
It's a good cheese
and I'm a sucker for the taste of a good cheese
I could try some more or is it a big tease
Primo Sale
Just one taste of you I know I'll never look at cheese the same
It's a good cheese
and I'm a sucker for the taste of a good cheese
I could try some more or is it a big tease
Primo Sale
just one taste of you I know I'll never ever look at cheese the same
I'll never look at cheese the same